Stronghold-P2P: Add ReadMe (#265)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: p2p/README.md

# Stronghold Peer-to-Peer Communication

> The Stronghold-P2p library enables end-to-end encrypted communication between peers in different processes, devices and networks.

Reviewer: Stronghold-p2p  ?

The basis for its functionality is the [libp2p](https://libp2p.io/) framework, which is a system of protocols, specifications and libraries that enable the development of peer-to-peer network applications.

> The crate is build separately of Stronghold, and may be used independently. It allows the user to transmit generic 1:1 Request-Response messages between two peers, with an additional firewall to prevent unauthorized access. In case that a peer may not be dialed directly, it optionally supports the usage of relay peer that blindly relays the traffic between two peers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can build the Stronghold-p2p crate separately from Stronghold, as well as use it independently. It allows users to transmit generic 1:1 Request-Response messages between two peers, with an additional firewall that prevents unauthorized access. In case that a peer may not be dialed directly, it supports the usage of a relay peer that blindly relays the traffic between two peers.
```

## Transmission of Data

> The data is transmitted via a TCP transport with additional support for Websockets and DNS resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data is transmitted via a [TCP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_Control_Protocol) transport with additional support for [Websockets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebSocket) and [DNS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Name_System) resolution.
```

> The transport is "upgraded" with the [Yamux Protocol](https://github.com/hashicorp/yamux/blob/master/spec.md) for multiplexing, and a [Noise](https://noiseprotocol.org/noise.html) protocol that implements end-to-end encryption. The Noise-handshake is based on the Diffie-Helllman key exchange and allows two peers, that have no prior knowledge of each other, to create a shared secret key over an insecure medium. In case of Stronghold-p2p, the XX-Pattern is used for the handshake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The transport is "upgraded" with the [Yamux Protocol](https://github.com/hashicorp/yamux/blob/master/spec.md) for multiplexing, and a [Noise](https://noiseprotocol.org/noise.html) protocol that implements end-to-end encryption. 

The Noise-handshake is based on the [Diffie-Helllman key exchange](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exchange) and allows two peers that have no prior knowledge of each other to create a shared secret key over an insecure medium. Stronghold-p2p uses the [XX-Pattern](http://noiseprotocol.org/noise.html#interactive-handshake-patterns-fundamental) for the handshake.
```

## Connecting Peers

> A peer can establish a connection to a remote one if they know the remote's address. If both peers are in the same local network, the `Mdns` feature can be enabled, which implements automatic peer discovery in a local network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A peer can establish a connection to a remote peer if they know the remote peer's address. If both peers are in the same local network, they can enable the [`Mdns`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multicast_DNS) feature, which implements automatic peer discovery in a local network.
```

> If the two peers are in two different network without public IP-addresses, Stronghold-p2p support the usage of relay peers. The relay forwards all traffic between source and destination. Due to the Noise-encryption, the communication is nonetheless end-to-end encrypted between the two peers, independently of whether a relay is used or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If the two peers are in two different networks without public IP addresses, Stronghold-p2p supports the usage of relay peers. The relay forwards all traffic between source and destination. Thanks to the Noise-encryption, the communication is end-to-end encrypted between the two peers, independently of whether a relay is used or not.
```

## Firewall

> The network-protocol of Stronghold-p2p implements a low level firewall. The firewall approves/ rejects each inbound and outbound request based on default, and peer-specific rules. In a addition to fixed rules, requests may also be approved/ rejected individually in an asynchronous manner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stronghold-p2p's network protocol implements a low-level firewall. The firewall approves or rejects each inbound and outbound request based on default and peer-specific rules. In addition to fixed rules, requests may also be approved or rejected individually in an asynchronous manner.
```
